[image-plugin] feat: updated settings to have expand and download toggle (#2176)
wix/ricos: website/docs/ricos/ricos-api.mdx

The string values should be css color strings (e.g `'black'`, `'#2F2E2E'`, etc) <br />

```jsx

> `Note disableRightClick?: boolean; is deprecated`

Reviewer: remove this line

When `true`, media like videos will be paused.
A possible use case is for pausing videos on tab switch.

> #### `disableRightClick` (deprecated) if used the same behavior will remain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `disableRightClick` (deprecated)
```

Disables the mouse right click functionality for the gallery, video and image plugins.

#### `disableDownload`

> Disables the mouse right click functionality for the gallery, video and image plugins and also sets the initial download mode for custom videos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the initial value of disableDownload for image, gallery and video plugins. 
Images - disables right click. 
Video - removes the download option from context menu.
```
